Parsing Vendor Opts lib for ztpv6 (#208)
insomniacslk/dhcp: dhcpv6/ztp/README.md

# Zero Touch Provisioning (ZTP) DHCPv6 Parsing for Network Hardware Vendors

## Currently Supported Vendors For DHCPv6 ZTP
 - Arista
 - ZPE

## Why Do We Need This?

> Many network hardware vendors support features that allow network devices to provision themselves with proper supporting automation/tools. Network devices can rely on DHCP and other methods to gather bootfile info, IP's, etc. DHCPv6 Vendor options provides us Vendor Name, Make, Model, and Serial Number data. This data can be used to uniquely identify individual network devices at provisioning time and can be used by tooling to make decisions necessary to correctly and reliably provision a network device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many network hardware vendors support features that allow network devices to provision themselves with proper supporting automation/tools. Network devices can rely on DHCP and other methods to gather bootfile info, IPs, etc. DHCPv6 Vendor options provides us Vendor Name, Make, Model, and Serial Number data. This data can be used to uniquely identify individual network devices at provisioning time and can be used by tooling to make decisions necessary to correctly and reliably provision a network device.
```

> For more detail on how this is used at Facebook you can check out our ZTP Wiki article, [Scaling Backbone Networks Through Zero Touch Provisioning](https://code.fb.com/networking-traffic/scaling-the-facebook-backbone-through-zero-touch-provisioning/)

Reviewer: is this relevant? This is not a FB-specific library. The article link is still useful, so it should be slightly  rephrased (I added a suggestion)

```suggestion
For more details on a large-scale ZTP deployment, check out how this is done at Facebook, [Scaling Backbone Networks Through Zero Touch Provisioning](https://code.fb.com/networking-traffic/scaling-the-facebook-backbone-through-zero-touch-provisioning/).
```
